doc: add contribution instruction (#33)
DevChatter/Smilodon: CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributing
============

> Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Thank you for investing your time in contributing to our project!
```

In this guide you will get an overview of the contribution workflow from opening an issue, creating a PR, reviewing, and merging the PR.

## Issues

### Create a new issue

> If you spot a problem with Smilodon, search if an issue already exists in our [existing issues](https://github.com/DevChatter/Smilodon/issues). Please use the search function to make sure that you are not submitting duplicates, and that a similar report or request has not already been resolved or rejected. If a related issue doesn't exist, you can open a new issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you spot a problem with Smilodon, check if an issue already exists in our [existing issues](https://github.com/DevChatter/Smilodon/issues). Please use the search function to make sure that you are not submitting duplicates, and that a similar report or request has not already been resolved or rejected. If a related issue doesn't exist, you can open a new issue. 
```

### Solve an issue

Scan through our [existing issues](https://github.com/DevChatter/Smilodon/issues) to find one that interests you.  As a general rule, we don’t assign issues to anyone. If you find an issue to work on, you are welcome to open a PR with a fix.

## Make Changes

### Make Changes locally

Fork the repository:

> (a) Using GitHub Desktop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using GitHub Desktop:
```

  - [Getting started with GitHub Desktop](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/installing-and-configuring-github-desktop/getting-started-with-github-desktop) will guide you through setting up Desktop.
  - Once Desktop is set up, you can use it to [fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/desktop/contributing-and-collaborating-using-github-desktop/cloning-and-forking-repositories-from-github-desktop)!

> (b) Using the command line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using the command line:
```

  - [Fork the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo#fork-an-example-repository) so that you can make your changes without affecting the original project until you're ready to merge them.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Create a working branch and start with your changes!

### Commit your update

> Commit the changes once you are happy with them. Always write a clear log message for your commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commit the changes once you are happy with them. Always write a clear commit message to help others understand what you're committing.
```

Push your changes to the working branch.

### Pull requests

When you're finished with the changes, create a pull request, also known as PR.

> - Head over to the original repositories Pull Requests tab, and you should see an automatic suggestion from GitHub to create a pull request from your working branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Head over to the [original repository's Pull Requests tab](https://github.com/DevChatter/Smilodon/pulls), and you might see a suggestion from GitHub to create a pull request from your working branch. If the suggestion isn't there, you can click `New Pull Request` and choose your branch.
```

- Fill the "Ready for review" template so that we can review your PR. This template helps reviewers understand your changes as well as the purpose of your pull request. 

> - Don't forget to [link PR to issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) if you are solving one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't forget to [link the PR to an issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue) if you are solving one. These auto-complete when you type `#` followed by the issue number.
```

- Enable the checkbox to [allow maintainer edits](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/allowing-changes-to-a-pull-request-branch-created-from-a-fork) so the branch can be updated for a merge.

> Once you submit your PR, a team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions or request additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you submit your PR, a team member will review your proposal. We may ask questions, request additional information, make suggestions, or even make a small tweak or two.
```

- We may ask for changes to be made before a PR can be merged, either using [suggested changes](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request) or pull request comments. You can apply suggested changes directly through the UI. You can make any other changes in your fork, then commit them to your branch.

> - As you update your PR and apply changes, mark each conversation as [resolved](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#resolving-conversations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As you update your PR and apply changes, each comment will need to be [resolved](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/commenting-on-a-pull-request#resolving-conversations) before it gets merged in.
```

> - If you run into any merge issues, checkout this [git tutorial](https://github.com/skills/resolve-merge-conflicts) to help you resolve merge conflicts and other issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you run into any merge issues, checkout this [git merge conflict resolution tutorial](https://github.com/skills/resolve-merge-conflicts) to help you resolve merge conflicts and other issues.
```

### Your PR is merged!

Once your PR is merged, your contributions will be publicly visible in this project.

> Congratulations. Thank you for improving this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎉Congratulations! You're an open source contributor! Thank you for improving this project for everyone! 🎉
```
